So, I think that the gitpet should be associated with your profile. You should be able to gain points when you commit or finish projects. You have to commit to feed your pet and keep it alive. Its source of life/sustenance is your commit activity. Is there a way to see how big your commit is? Like, if you did a lot it should be worth more points or something. So you should keep your pet alive with commits. And maybe it gains experience at varying rates based on how alive they are. Then with points you should be able to purchase cute shit for your pet like gitpetpets or clothes or accessories and toys and stuff. You should be able to play with other gitpets or battle or some sort of interaction with other people's gitpets but maybe that can come later. I'm also okay with just hanging out with my own gitpet by myself. 
Or instead of feeding we can have a happiness meter? Like, if you commit, it's like playing with your pet and making it happier. And when it's happy it can level up and stuff. And then when it's happy it can leave you gifts? Or maybe repos will randomly drop stuff when you commit to them, and then those drops can be given to your pet.
You should be able to have more pets based on the number of projects you have. But we have to make sure it's not abusable by just making a bunch of repos or something.The ratio can be like... a new pet for every ten projects or something like that. Or perhaps pet slots could be purchased with points.OH I GOT IT. YOU GET POINTS FOR COMMITS AND YOU USE POINTS TO BUY FOOD. No, but then you could stockpile a bunch of food and not commit for a long time.
Okay, so I think that each commit should keep your pet full for a few days. Because not everyone has time to commit every day. However, if you have a commit streak (up to a certain point) you should get bonuses, like bonus happiness for your pet, and bonus points for buying shit. So, your commit will feed your pet. Commit streaks will increase happiness of your pet. Happiness will make it gain experience faster every time you commit. Points are also given for commits and can be used to buy shit. Your pet may need a certain level to wear a thing or use a toy. It's gitRPG!
Viewing other people's profiles or repos plays with their pet(s). Both parties gain a small amount of exp for doing so.
